we asked you a question
you like playing football I love playing
football or a special breed of men
called leather heads the rules were
simple you hit anybody that comes there
there were no rules I like him but when
the game they love was going under we're
broke now our season just started time
to pack it up and go home
dodge Connelly had the plan it's your
intention to legitimize professional
football to build it back up Carter
Rutherford leaves Princeton to play for
the Duluth Bulldogs what get me here
Carter Rutherford the Bullitt war hero
football boy they've got a completely
different style Carter how you gonna
adjust innate maybe they'll just kind of
adjust to me so you're a sports writer
why not hey what's a girl going on
across bucks certain jobs are always
gonna be done lying
big strapping man now two of football's
biggest stars will find themselves
competing the real story is the matchup
between the bullet and teammate dodge
Connelly over the one woman you're the
kind of cocktail that comes on like
sugar but gives you kick in the head who
can throw them for a loss you think
you're the slickest operator in Toulouse
but being the sleekest operator in
Duluth is kind of like being the world's
tallest [ __ ] if you ask me too bad we
know each other so well we might have
gotten along well I live alone a couple
of plays we ran to Princeton a lot of
our plays are pretty strong these are a
lot like your plays only a little more
effective I've got some decisions to
make in a minute where were you to miss
spring game of professional footballs
come of age that means rules we never
played any game clean let the games
begin
throw on your the injured party you get
the first punch let their heads stay
away from my right knee watch my left
shoulder also my right hind quarter well
you wouldn't punch me in the back would
you
let's just go for the face use his
immunity
you